serverless B&B in a multi-cloud infrastructure with a Backendas-a-Service model on AWS and GCP platforms. It is a cloud-based hotel reservation system that enables customers to register and book available rooms and also provides them with a facility to select services such as food and tour services. It supports a variety of components among which Hotel Management plays a key role by enabling several customers to use the application, register for it. On the other hand, Customers comprise the second component. The system accepts both registered and guest users. In addition to this, the system provides an option of an online virtual assistant to the registered customers in order to help them with basic website navigation, checking room availability for guests, managing bookings, and ordering food. For handling food-related orders, the system has a third component called the kitchen, which would receive food orders from customers and send bills to hotel management for each customer. In order to provide guidance to the customers regarding tour packages etc., the system provides a fourth component called the tour operator. Once the request is received by the tour operator, he will build and generate a tour service based on the duration of stay similarities to previous bookings. Apart from this, the system also intends to include an analytics section that is generated based on customer feedback. Customers can provide feedback that can be used to generate positive or negative analytics and then shared with hotel management. This will assist them in improving their services for better customer experiences and company growth.
Technology Stack: AWS, GCP, Python, Node.js, React.js, Express.js
